# CS255

- Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
  - DriverPass was a company that wanted to create a web application for their buisness. Their goal was to help new drivers to get their liscense. They offer an online class as well as in person driving lessons. They wanted a system that integrated features for users to create account, log in, purchase packages, take tests, schedule appointments, and review notes. 
- What did you do particularly well?
  - I like the way that I designed my UML diagrams. I think that I got better the more I practiced. I enjoyed using branches, nodes, and control flows to illustrate the different paths through a use case. I also liked learning more about the structure of class diagrams. Although it isn't too difficult to look up proper formattting, it was nice to see examples of system design. 
- If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
  - I would like to add a guard for a set number of login attempts. I think I could have added this to my activity diagram and sequence diagram. I also think that I could have revised some of my requirements. 
- How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
  -  I tried to look at each line in the interview transcript. I looked for each broad use case that the client brougt up. I also looked for detailed information within each interaction to determine specific functional requirements. I also made sure to view the illustrations to get a sense of how the client intended the interface to look and function. It is important to consider user needs because, as the primary users of the system, they require a smooth user experience. The specific needs of each user can influence each component of a system, and how they interact with eachother. 
- How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
  - One of the main things that I have learned is that process diagrams and class diagrams have their own places within software design. It can never be too early to sketch a rough approximation of what you think a system should look like. Moreover, a formal design doc can be a consistent piece of work to update and reference. Not only should the design doc help the development team solve problems, but it can also be used a reference for any stakeholders. 
